[CF1] SWG w/o DNS filtering mode IPv6 limitation (#23415)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/troubleshooting/known-limitations.mdx

Use of the WARP client in a Microsoft 365 Windows 10 Cloud PC is not supported. To work around this limitation, use Windows 11.

## IPv6 DNS Resolution in Secure Web Gateway without DNS filtering mode

> In [Secure Web Gateway without DNS filtering](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/configure-warp/warp-modes/#secure-web-gateway-without-dns-filtering) mode, after the WARP tunnel is established, WARP checks connectivity by resolving `connectivity.cloudflareclient.com` using the DNS server configured on the device.
> 
> Sometimes this check fails because the DNS server—often assigned by DHCP and accessible only on the local network—becomes unreachable when traffic is routed through the WARP tunnel.
> 
> For IPv4, failure is uncommon because DHCP-assigned DNS servers typically use private (RFC 1918) addresses, which WARP excludes from the tunnel by default.
> 
> However, in an IPv6 environment, there is no automatic exclusion. If your DNS server uses an IPv6 address, you must manually exclude it from WARP’s tunnel using [split tunnel](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/configure-warp/route-traffic/split-tunnels/) settings for Secure Web Gateway without DNS filtering mode to work properly.

Author: ```suggestion
In [Secure Web Gateway without DNS filtering mode](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/configure-warp/warp-modes/#secure-web-gateway-without-dns-filtering), WARP checks connectivity by using the DNS server configured on the device.

IPv4 environments rarely encounter issues because DHCP-assigned DNS servers typically use private (RFC 1918) addresses that WARP excludes from the tunnel by default. Devices using IPv6 DNS servers may experience connectivity failures if these addresses are not manually excluded.

If your DNS server uses an IPv6 address, you must manually exclude it using [split tunnel](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/configure-warp/route-traffic/split-tunnels/) settings for Secure Web Gateway without DNS filtering mode to work properly.
```

Author: @samin-cf kept your wording but included last part as a call to action for the user instead of leaving it as passive voice to avoid ambiguity on what user has to action
